README.md, before:

# uwu-tray

[fastest uwuifier in the west](https://github.com/Daniel-Liu-c0deb0t/uwu)... now in your system tray for even faster uwufication!

## FAQ

### Which platforms are supported?

 - [x] Windows
 - [x] Linux
 - [x] MacOS

### How do I use it?

 1. Run the executable found in the [Releases](https://github.com/Olaren15/uwu-tray/releases/latest)
 2. Click on the tray icon
 3. Choose "uwuify"
 4. Black magic
 5. Text in the clipboard is now uwuified

### I want to know more about the uwuification process

Great! I used the [uwuify](https://crates.io/crates/uwuify) crate. The Readme on [Github](https://github.com/Daniel-Liu-c0deb0t/uwu) contains all the details!

### Where are the UwUs???? All I'm reading rn is normal text!!!! ヽ（≧□≦）ノ

I have a version of this Readme [here](WEADME.md)

### Will there be updates in the future?

Maybe, maybe not, who knows ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

### Can I use or redistribute your code?

Yes, it's licensed under the MIT license

---
Made with ❤️ by a friend of Blåhaj

Commit message:

Add build instructions to readme

README.md, after:

# uwu-tray

[fastest uwuifier in the west](https://github.com/Daniel-Liu-c0deb0t/uwu)... now in your system tray for even faster uwufication!

## FAQ

### Which platforms are supported?

 - [x] Windows
 - [x] Linux
 - [x] MacOS

### How do I use it?

 1. Run the executable found in the [Releases](https://github.com/Olaren15/uwu-tray/releases/latest)
 2. Click on the tray icon
 3. Choose "uwuify"
 4. Black magic
 5. Text in the clipboard is now uwuified

### I want to know more about the uwuification process

Great! I used the [uwuify](https://crates.io/crates/uwuify) crate. The Readme on [Github](https://github.com/Daniel-Liu-c0deb0t/uwu) contains all the details!

### Where are the UwUs???? All I'm reading rn is normal text!!!! ヽ（≧□≦）ノ

I have a version of this Readme [here](WEADME.md)

### Will there be updates in the future?

Maybe, maybe not, who knows ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯

### Can I use or redistribute your code?

Yes, it's licensed under the MIT license

## Building

### Rust

This app is built with rust so make sure to have it installed on your system

### Dependencies

Since this app uses system APIs some dependencies need to be installed before building the app

#### Windows

- Windows SDK (Can be installed via Visual Studio Installer)

#### Linux

- TODO

#### MacOs

- TODO

### Creating the executable

Once the dependencies are installed building is a simple as running

```sh
cargo build
```

---
Made with ❤️ by a friend of Blåhaj
